come on Jack
they'll never stop asking look what
happened with the waffles
go away Toby
you
don't worry about that Jack no one wants
to hear your rambling anyway
a much better clearer version of you
though I'm here to narrate this tutorial
while other Jack does all the messy work
shut up jack no one wants to hear your
horrible ear bleeding voice now this
tutorial is here to solve all of your
problems
well most of your problems okay maybe 6%
of your problems your hoody problems or
wrong hoody there we go
this video will be on my original hoody
as seen in some of the six scenes videos
as well as some up-and-coming projects
but I am not allowed to discuss at this
time there are a few ways to go about
this task the first and most simple is
an eBay search you won't find the exact
hoodie but you can get very close here
are some examples of what to look for
the keywords for your search are gray
striped hoodie you'll most likely get an
assortment of hoodies in all shades of
gray as well as stripe variations
sometimes these searches can have over a
thousand results so please remember to
refine your search you can do this by
size where the item is located and price
range
I suggest selecting the men's category
as men's and women's clothing tend to be
cut differently here I've selected some
examples that I considered for this
project initially I went with brown
stripes however his hoodie is actually
grey take your time searching for the
one you really like once you've
purchased your hoodie it is now time to
modify it
toby has a variation of three stripes
light gray dark gray and a thin pale
grey most hoodies will come with the
first two so I'll show you how to add
the third stripe this is a paint pen it
comes in many different flavors sorry
colors and sold at almost every craft
store you can also find them at Walmart
if your local store has a fabric section
make sure you price check them because
you
most likely need more than one first lay
your sleeves on a flat surface choose
which stripe you want to put the line
under and begin to paint follow it as
best as you can and try not to change
the line size as you make your way
around
repeat this step under every other
stripe on both sleeves if you or someone
you know owns a sewing machine you can
choose to make a new hood for your
hoodie
Toby's hood is a bluish gray color and
connects in the front this style of
hoodie can also be found on eBay I
actually found a similar style hoodie at
Target if you choose to attach a new
hood carefully seam rip along the edges
of the original hood when the hood is
fully detached you can use it as a
pattern for your new hood if you are
taking a hood from another garment
remember to pin all around in order to
make sure it fits inside the neck hole
the torso of Toby's hoodie is a solid
color again there are hoodies available
in this style on eBay if you take some
time to look the way I originally didn't
was take two shirts and cut off the
sleeves I used two so it would have a
similar thickness to the hoodie material
i hemmed the sleeve holes and sew the
two next together
the shirts already had buttons so I
didn't have to worry about adding them
you can seem rip the sleeves and sew
them to the shirts at this point or you
can wear the shirts over the hoodie like
so jack put on the hoodie jack put the
hoodie on
there you go
Kobe's hoodie you're all set to have
your memories erased stumble confusingly
around the woods and mindlessly serve a
horrifying nightmare creature good luck
whoa that wasn't men this is the end or
is it hey they're special people like
share and subscribe to this awesome
YouTube channel that is attempting to
upload weekly just for you that's right
you beautiful person on the other side
of the screen that I cannot see remember
to submit all ass tobe questions to
Rama's cosplay tumblr comm thanks for
watching and I'll see you next week